[EuiSuperSelect] Updated i18n default instructions string (#6549)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6549.md

> **Bug fixes**
> 
> - Fixed `EuiSuperSelect` screen reader instructions to be more specific

Reviewer: My 2c: This isn't a bug fix but an enhancement

```suggestion
- Updated `EuiSuperSelect` screen reader instructions to be more specific
```
